( fire crackling )
Littlefinger:
This is for you.
The last man who wielded it
meant to cut your throat,
but your mother
fought him off.
The other dagger,
the one that
took her life,
I would have stopped that
dagger with my own heart
if I could have.
I wasn't there for her
when she needed me most.
But I am here
for her now
to do what she would have done,
to protect her children.
Anything I can do
for you, Brandon,
you need only ask.
Do you know
who this belonged to?
No.
That very question was what started
the War of the Five Kings.
In a way, that dagger made
you what you are today.
Forced from your home,
driven out to the wilds
beyond the Wall.
I imagine you've seen things
most men wouldn't believe.
To go through all of that
and make your way home again
only to find such chaos
in the world,
I can only imagine...
Chaos is a ladder.
( door opens )
( exhales )
I'm sorry to have
disturbed you, Lord Stark.
I'm not Lord Stark.
What's that?
Maester Wolkan built it for me
so I can move around
more easily.
It's a very good idea.
You're leaving.
I don't want
to leave you,
but when...
when they come,
I need to be
with my family.
And you're safe.
Well, as safe
as anyone can be now.
You don't
need me anymore.
No, I don't.
That's all
you've got to say?
Thank you.
Thank you?
For helping me.
My brother
died for you.
Hodor and Summer
I almost died for you.
- Bran...
- I'm not, really.
Not anymore.
( crying )
I remember what it felt
like to be Brandon Stark,
but I remember
so much else now.
You died in that cave.
( crows cawing )
You came home.
I saw you
at the crossroads.
You saw me?
I see quite a lot now.
Bran has... visions.
I thought you might go
to King's Landing.
So did I.
Why would you
go back there?
Cersei's on
her list of names.
Who else
is on your list?
Most of them
are dead already.
Where did
you get this?
Littlefinger
gave it to me.
Littlefinger?
He's here?
He has declared
for House Stark.
Why would he
give you a dagger?
- He thought I'd want it.
- Sansa: Why?
Because it was
meant to kill me.
The cutthroat...
after your fall?
Why would a cutthroat
have a Valyrian steel dagger?
Someone very wealthy
wanted me dead.
He's not
a generous man.
He wouldn't
give you anything
unless he thought he was
getting something back.
- It doesn't matter.
- What do you mean it doesn't matter?
I don't want it.
Are you sure?
Arya:
It's Valyrian steel.
It's wasted
on a cripple.
( people chattering )
( bleating )
Catelyn Stark
would be proud.
You kept your vow.
I did
next to nothing.
You're too hard
on yourself, my lady.
I'm not a...
Thank you, Podrick.
( raven cawing )
( waves crashing )